DOCS-3198: offline data pipelines, SDK docs, hot data store fixes (#4440)
viamrobotics/docs: static/include/app/apis/generated/data.md

```

For more information, see the [Python SDK Docs](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/data_client/index.html#viam.app.data_client.DataClient.delete_data_pipeline).

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="TypeScript" %}}

**Parameters:**

- `pipelineId` (string) (required): The ID of the data pipeline.

**Returns:**

- (Promise<void>)

**Example:**

```ts {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
await dataClient.deleteDataPipeline(
  '123abc45-1234-5678-90ab-cdef12345678'
);
```

For more information, see the [TypeScript SDK Docs](https://ts.viam.dev/classes/DataClient.html#deletedatapipeline).

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### ListDataPipelineRuns

Get information about individual executions of a [data pipeline](/data-ai/data/data-pipelines/).
{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Python" %}}

**Parameters:**

- `id` ([str](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#text-sequence-type-str)) (required): The ID of the pipeline to list runs for.
- `page_size` ([int](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#numeric-types-int-float-complex)) (required): The number of runs to return per page. Defaults to 10.

**Returns:**

> - ([DataPipelineRunsPage](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/data_client/index.html#viam.app.data_client.DataClient.DataPipelineRunsPage)): A page of data pipeline runs with pagination support.

Author: ```suggestion
- ([DataPipelineRunsPage](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/data_client/index.html#viam.app.data_client.DataClient.DataPipelineRunsPage)): A page of data pipeline results.
```
